Where is the ring? Why are you asking me?
It must have been lost by your son.
Who?
Me, a friend.
Bought a new ring
It's always a mistake.
Hey
Yoyo Mommy, why do you dress so casually for work?
You are like this
When can I attract the attention of the president's uncle?
Let him be my father
Mommy, I want to rely on my strength and not take shortcuts.
Otherwise, Mommy will take you down in minutes with her face
Uncle Gu
Taking shortcuts also requires capital
It's not a matter of minutes with your face
Don't I have capital?
I'm a capitalist, okay?
Sexy young woman still has charm
After giving birth
Get off work.
Did I let you go?
Ah, Mr. Gu drank too much
I will exit the blockade and you will continue
Ok ok no problem
suffer in pain
serve others
Mr. Gu, I will send you back
Why don't you drink some water first and wake up?
Not good.
Mr. Gu, I was really careless
I'll wipe it for you.
I didn't mean to. What are you talking about?
Ah, Mr. Gu
If I say I'm not trying to take shortcuts
Do you believe it?